adding PR guidelines to pyDARN (#94)
SuperDARN/pydarn: docs/dev/PR.md

# Pull Requests 

Pull Requests in GitHub are a nice means of allowing others to review and test your code. 
This allows members of the community to know what is coming up in new releases of pyDARN and be part of the collaboration.  

## Code Check List

Before submitting a PR check the code check list first:
- [ ] copyright and disclaimer, or modification line is added 
- [ ] the code installs with python 3.6 and higher 
- [ ] documentation is updated or in another PR for users 
- [ ] Follows PEP8 and pandas code/doc style
- [ ] unit tests or various testing has been added/done 
- [ ] code is on its own *git* branch
- [ ] all code is pushed to the branch 

## Creating the PR 

Once you have confirmed the above is done you can go to [pyDARN's Pull Requests](https://github.com/SuperDARN/dswg/pulls)
and click on `New pull request`. If templates are available select which one is most appropriate. Otherwise make your own. 

### Merging Direction 

When in doubt merge to `develop`! Otherwise here are some other options:
- merge to another branch if you `checkout` from that branch this helps to break things into smaller parts for quicker review and testing

> - merge to `master` **ONLY** if it is a **HOTFIX** or **RELEASE** branch. 

Reviewer: Could add a note here - how can I be sure what I've got is a hotfix?

Author: Updated it, let me know what you think

# Pull Requests 

Pull Requests in GitHub are a nice means of allowing others to review and test your code. 

> This allows community to know what is coming up in pyDARN and be part of the collaboration.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This allows members of the community to know what is coming up in new releases of pyDARN and be part of the collaboration.  
```

## Code Check List

Before submitting a PR check the code check list first:
- [ ] copyright and disclaimer, or modification line is added 
- [ ] the code installs with python 3.6 and higher 
- [ ] documentation is updated or in another PR for users 

> - [ ] Follows PEP8 and padas code/doc style

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Follows PEP8 and pandas code/doc style
```
Links to both?

- [ ] unit tests or various testing has been added/done 
- [ ] code is on its own *git* branch
- [ ] all code is pushed to the branch 

## Creating the PR 

Once you have confirmed the above is done you can go to [pyDARN's Pull Requests](https://github.com/SuperDARN/dswg/pulls)
and click on `New pull request`. If templates are available select which one is most appropriate. Otherwise make your own. 

### Merging Direction 

When in doubt merge to `develop`! Otherwise here are some other options:
- merge to another branch if you `checkout` from that branch this helps to break things into smaller parts for quicker review and testing
- merge to `master` **ONLY** if it is a **HOTFIX** or **RELEASE** branch. 
- In some cases, documentation can be merged to `master` if it is fixing some typos. 

### Writing a PR

> Follow the template to fill out the required sections if not here is a check list to ensure you have all the information: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow the template to fill out the required sections. If there is no template, here is a check list to ensure you have all the information: 
```

- [ ] Informative title 
- [ ] Description of the changes you made 
- [ ] Scope on what people should focus on 
- [ ] How to install the code if there is any changes 

> - [ ] How to test the code and expected output 

Reviewer 2: Including code snippet examples?

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Code sippets of how to test the code and expected output/plots
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Code fragments showing how to test the code and expected output/plots
```
Sorry, didn't do a suggestion in the first place because a better word than snippet eluded me for a while :P

- [ ] Extra details 

### Extra Tidbits

Pull requests on GitHub have other ways to help users know what your PR is all about. 
Here are some things you can do to get more attention:
- [ ] assign reviewers you want feedback from 
- [ ] add labels
- [ ] assign a project to it if applicable 
- [ ] assign a milestone if applicable 
- [ ] Linking issues if applicable

### Draft or not to Draft? 

> Draft Pull Requests are a way to ensure reviewers no this code is not intended to be `merged` right away. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Draft Pull Requests are a way to tell reviewers that this code is not intended to be `merged` right away. 
```

## Code Check List

Before submitting a PR check the code check list first:

- copyright and disclaimer, or modification line is added 
- the code installs with python 3.6 and higher 
- documentation is updated or in another PR for users 
- Follows [PEP8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) code style and [pandas docstring](https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/development/contributing_docstring.html) style
- unit tests or various testing has been added/done 
- code is on its own *git* branch
- all code is pushed to the branch 

## Creating the PR 

Once you have confirmed the above is done you can go to [pyDARN's Pull Requests](https://github.com/SuperDARN/dswg/pulls)
and click on `New pull request`. If templates are available select which one is most appropriate. Otherwise make your own. 

### Merging Direction 

When in doubt merge to `develop`! Otherwise here are some other options:

- merge to another branch if you `checkout` from that branch this helps to break things into smaller parts for quicker review and testing
- merge to `master` **ONLY** if it is a **HOTFIX** or **RELEASE** branch. 

    !!! Note

>         **HOTFIX** is a substantial bug fix that prevents users from installing/using pyDARN or giving in accurate data. Document fixes can 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        **HOTFIX** is a substantial fix for a bug that prevents users from installing or using pyDARN or gives inaccurate data. Document fixes can 
```
